In this next year I'm going to show you how you can optimize your description for the search results
to a description doesn't actually have any SEO impact meaning that Google does not take it into consideration
when it is deciding how to arrange these web pages in the search results.
However it does have an impact in terms of getting people to click through because I can see the better
description here underneath the title tag on your l.
So as a user I'm going to have a quick glance at this to see really which is the best page that I can
click on.
That's going to get me the result that I want.
So similar to the title tag it's going to be important to include your keyword in this.
But what's more important is really to show your value proposition.
Great way to do that is really to start with a verb and already tells me is either what I'm going to
get at this page so compare cheap home insurance quotes get six year off and get home insurance quotes
and protect your home.
These are kind of grace and action based you know calm focus and starts to the mental description that
are attractive for me as a user.
I think it's also important to differentiate yourself here in the mentor description if you're cheap
or foster whatever you really want to show that here.
So people will click through.
So as well as having an ad focused mentors scription that includes the keyword we want to make sure
it's the right length as well.
Otherwise it's kind of you cut off similar to the title tag.
So you really want to keep it at a hundred and fifty six characters.
Samantha you know the theory.
Let's head over to WordPress and I want to show you a really great plug in to make sure that she got
this right.
Every time I come over to plug in just type the same hostess go right up.
This is the same plugin that we use to optimize our title tag and really can do both these at the same
time if you want to optimize title type and description.
Once you got the lowest plug in installed you're going to scroll down to the bottom of the page and
you can see it here.
This is the section where I got my mice to really enter and modify or metor description.
So all we really have to do is pasted in there you can see that I'm using the Zambal that we saw in
the search engines but this is a key question here that you want to be asking yourselves.
How does it compare to the competition and could it be made more appealing.
And you've seen what I've done as I've actually put a verb like I suggested you do at the start of the
description and also some sort of incentive like a free consultation.
So that's what the guys here and they had this at the end.
But I think putting it out at the start is stronger.
And so those are key questions to ask yourself even if they're not using this plug in you still want
to follow that format.
So if you're using another Web site builder no WordPress it should be fairly simple for you to add a
minute description.
And if you're coding it in hatred you know you'll be able to add in and demented name talent here as
well.
And really I mean the minute description that way as well.
So just recap you've learned that the better description doesn't have an impact.
However it does really help it click through rates because the visitors can see them in the search results
.
So I would encourage you to make them come focus.
Start with a verb include the key word have it the correct length which is 156 characters.
Keep in mind as well as the same as the title tag.
Description is unique for every page.
So you really want to craft a unique one for every page that you're trying to rank for it and the search
results.
So let's move on now to the next lecture